Feeling Good Feeling Good Mark
congratulations man thank you thank you
thank you congratulations I ain't gonna
waste no time that's all I
congratulations man yeah man I was
looking to see if you would be on the
field with the rest of the Philly Philly
Elite no man the Philly celebrities or
the streets on the flat uh light pole or
something I had I had I did I don't do
that I did see them seal the light pole
though the when we say fans we just mean
white fans but like they took you ain't
never seen a negro steal a a light pole
you know what I mean we might shoot up
the neighborhood we don't steal light
pole F going do with the traffic light
but I was so proud of my city nobody got
killed nobody nobody got killed yeah
that's cuz y'all used to it now yeah the
parade is still Happ yeah we we we
winners man that's what we do used
that's what we do now but we won the
Super Bowl I didn't go um I had to fly
to La the next morning I just took a red
out back to make the show so I didn't
couldn't go to Philly but what I did do
was watch for the first time a NFL game
in eight years I saw like maybe five
minutes of the game and so you lifted
your boycott I lifted the boycott I was
convinced some people because the Eagles
were there no they were there two years
ago I didn't go I didn't see the last
one we won I did it because people some
people made some good arguments we talk
about I'm L but and my wife want have a
Super Bowl party so that's that's the
real one let's be real do it that was
the main one yo but it was so good to
have people at the crib and to watch it
was the least Philly game I've ever seen
we usually like take it down to the wire
or like the last time we'd be up five
touchdowns and give up for not this time
no
no this was belt to ass belt to from
start to finish start M to finish man
I've never felt so good I loved it I I
absolutely loved it I don't know when I
became so [ __ ] Pat Mahomes I do when
they won what the third one f i [ __ ]
right [ __ ] his brother the family and
then the wife and then [ __ ] Taylor
and then he's so smug and then the refs
got involved the was really and then his
wife was and then the interview about
the M the lobster what oh when chicken
chicken chicken when they had to do the
coup's guessing thing and she kept
guessing yeah like he whoever his PR
team is for him to be who he is it don't
match up cuz I'm not supposed to be [ __ ]
B momes no not somebody that good he's
great this ain't like when Jordan was
great and Kobe was great as a Nick fan
I'm talking about and [ __ ] uh and
Brady was great as a Giants we killed
him but still
this ain't like that where you had to
get over get over your uh your rival
hatred yeah and recognize their
greatness he's great from rip and still
it was great to see that pansy ass [ __ ]
just get hit all day day long our four
against your six it don't matter it was
good hit him hit him hit him hit him no
they [ __ ] him up just hit him felt
like when the Giants played the Pats uh
the undefeated season and we was like
yeah we going to hold him to 17 and Tom
Brady was like excuse me right to 17 and
them boys went out there that front
four good for Pat Mahomes pansy ass that
stupid funny haircut too is that haircut
uhhuh and that stupid [ __ ] haircut
it's the chewing on the the the mouth
guard it's the same reason I like Steph
Curry both of them it's the same [ __ ]
you didn't like Steph Curry no I don't
like Steph Curry you don't like St Cur I
do not like Steph Curry why yo is made a
face too like well he lightskinn the
last lightskinn Brig stand they GNA
stick together why you like Steph Curry
like Steph Curry I never heard nobody
not like he [ __ ] up
basketball with the threes yeah but
making all them shots he [ __ ] up
basketball he changed basketball he
[ __ ] it up it's the game that I grew
to love don't exist no more I respect
that but I don't blame Steph for that
that's a nice take ice Cam's take Cam
Newton Cam it's a lot of people's take
oh Cam Ron we all feel this way cam just
said that the other
day that's nice take we all feel like
bro people have been saying basketball I
got to take from Ice I didn't hear from
cam I didn't hear from him either I
don't watch nobody I hear from no
disrespect shout out to cam but I heard
it from freeze but I we've all how many
people have been saying for years that
the NBA ain't the same we was we just
discussed it while viewership is down
and we keep saying you got seven Footers
that's trying to shoot threes yo I might
go put 100 Grand on the Lakers going to
the finals I saw that I saw that game
last night I might go put 100 Grand on
the Lakers going to think crazy talk but
but they did look good last night I I
said it before Luca played though I a
watched that before Luca played I just
feel like Adam Sila and the rank and the
ratings and yeah I want to see the
Lakers and Luca in the final over who
okay see what who who y'all get out of
here I could just see it I can see it
LeBron got another finals in him but
anyway we not here to talk about Pat mes
pansy ass got hit all night running
around it wasn't none of that razzled
Dazzle ah DeAndre Hopkins dropped that
[ __ ] wide open [ __ ] wide open aha uh
you know what it reminded me of the the
Tampa Super Bowl when they when they
whole front line was hurt yeah yeah but
these [ __ ] wasn't hurt this exactly
what it looked like they was on his ass
and I saw um I forget one of the players
but it was like the uh the plan is if
you hit him
early and it it'll affect his ECT
efficiency throughout the game and a lot
of people just don't get to him early
enough but they jumped on his ass
and Cam said that Tom Tom all right we
not doing that we not doing that he did
it get him we not doing that it it don't
work with Tom I mean it ain't work with
him it worked with Tom a couple it works
for Tom cuz Tom was bro he was out there
playing by itself he was trying yo I
ain't going to hold you he was busting
his ass who momes yo he was trying to
make it happen
my [ __ ] they whooped his ass out never
dog I've
never I think they did better thing than
y'all did that Giants front four don't
be stupid I'm not listen the Giants
front four was the best thing I've ever
seen in the Super Bowl I think de was
better my [ __ ] they didn't Blitz him
they Blitz once they didn't Blitz the
[ __ ] the whole [ __ ] game my [ __ ] yo
do you know what that Patriots team was
doing yeah scorching [ __ ] this Kansas
City team barely scored 30 points not
now that's what a lot of people about
them all year no listen I'm not
disagreeing but y'all had linebacker
help y'all had Blitz help y'all had
stunt them [ __ ] was like yo y'all six
versus our four like you said and we
whooping y'all ass from the start to the
Finish that's what it was in our Giant
game up no y'all y'all's the best I a't
them [ __ ] was the that that giant
front four was the best I ever seen tuck
and [ __ ] OC and Tuck OC all them
[ __ ] jpp young jpp likeo he wasn't
whole hand them [ __ ] was tough jpp
before the fireworks yeah them [ __ ]
was tough I never seen that but that
them [ __ ] the other day that was some
it's Mark's day man it's Philly's day
man the Eagles did it I'm so happy for
saquan me me too and he didn't have a
Maj I mean they they they were like I
got us here Jaylen do it now right I got
us here Jaylen it's on you now it's a
team and and he did it man record
viewership too man people all around
America watched it 135 million viewers
yeah you turned the TV on yeah that was
it it was you yo you did it you set the
record bu so you back now would you
watch the next season no no no I it's
not it's not like I I don't I'm not into
it enough even when it was on my house I
literally only watched about five
minutes of it I was busy just it wasn't
a good game it was not an interesting
game what it was built to ass it wasn't
a good game by end depending on what you
wanted to see cuz that was a great game
for me that was a great game no it
wasn't let me ask y until they made it
interesting in the second half I was
like
this it was interesting they at least
put some points that was garbage time
when they started to score stop it stop
it by the time they scored that first
touch it was it was over but I'm saying
like they dump the gator me the worst
Super Bowls I've ever seen that I can
remember at least were the the Patriots
Rams where it was like 12 to six and the
that Seahawks Seahawks Denver gamer was
52 to three with Matt this was on the
road to that 52 to3 but they at least
some points to make it like all right
cool I wanted to see it too yeah run it
the [ __ ] up run it up on these pretty
boy [ __ ]
that's what made it a great show Taylor
Swift one time after she got
Bo I love they boo they
Bo was in the and we never saw again
[ __ ] out of her spice I love watching
her get booed yeah and I'm a fan I ain't
even got no beef with tayor that's the
thing where did all these beefs come
fromo I just I just hate the Chiefs I it
felt so good as the Chiefs hate her I
don't hate the Chiefs I do my dad kept I
don't know who my dad was rooting for
that I just phased him out as he was
talking sports but I think he wanted to
see the Chiefs win he wanted to see the
Chiefs win to put it uh put all that
Brady goat talk the rest cuz he hate Tom
Brady so much he like yeah man two black
quarterbacks I'm like he one in a
half one in the possible one possible
one in the pop pops come on I'm not
doing that but yeah it was good to see
the chief [ __ ] get belt ass I loved
it I loved it which do y'all rather see
a game that like a a boring slow game
that comes down to the wire or a blowout
boring slow game boring slow game with
points at least patri Falcon [ __ ] when
we got a blowout and a comeback that
[ __ ] was epic yeah it was what a game
but you I remember you was like that
Super Bowl we was at your house and I
was like super I was like yo my [ __ ]
this game ain't over I was dissing it
because this is us was supposed to come
on that was the one we was ready was
ready this us was more important me then
oh that's what we that's we found out
yeah that was the one yo ice stop bro I
was mad and why none of y'all told me
that this show Paradise is just 24 This
Is
Us oh well they won't show you that you
going drag it why nobody told me that
this is 24 This Is Us it it is it's
parallels I never watch it's the same
[ __ ] it's if Jack if Jack B was black
and this was this is us this is the show

## Retrieved from Youtube clip: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDnDs7dn44w